"What is the most interesting source code you ever read?"

That's my favourite interview question. It's a much better question for interviewing programmers
than the old fail "what is your greatest weakness?" (I'm always tempted to ask interviewers who
use that one, "how often do you get a useful answer to that question?" and some day I'm going to
ask.) Programmers who read others' code are better programmers, in my experience.

My answer to the question, "what is the most interesting programme you've ever read?" is the
following; it's the heraldic language description of my college's shield, which can be seen at
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/St_Cross_College,_Oxford

	Argent a cross potent purpure a quarter counterchanged

There is not a syllable wasted in that description. As a programming language, it's beautiful.
It's context-free with rabies. It's a complete description; anyone who knows heraldic language
can use it to draw unambiguously the whole design, but every part of the description that isn't
implicit or deducible is omitted. Unpacked, it means:

1. Begin with a blank shield, coloured silver ("argent").

2. In the centre of the shield (because it didn't specify a different place) put a cross with
T-shaped arms ("a cross potent")---there are about a dozen different crosses, all with their
own names---and make it purple ("purpure").

3. Reverse the foreground and background colours of the upper-left quadrant of the shield ("a
quarter counterchanged")---because it didn't say which quarter, it means the upper left by
default; "counterchanged" is a keyword that indicates a standard graphical operation.

Anything that isn't specified isn't important; e.g., all shades of purple are equivalent on
shields, and the precise position of the cross with respect to the centre (centroid?) of the
shield isn't significant---if it's visually in the centre, it's correct.

The language is thousands of years old but with a little DSL help, it transliterates into
PostScript almost unchanged.

